# beamware

A domain independent back end solution for rolling out software updates to edge
devices connected to IP based networking infrastructure.

## Project Overview and Setup

### Language Versions

* Elixir 1.6+

### Initial App Setup

* Create directory for local data storage: `mkdir ~/db`
* Start the database (if not started): `docker-compose up -d`
* Copy `dev.env` to `.env` and customize as needed
* Run command `mix deps.get`
* Run command `make reset-db`
* Start web app: `make server` or `make iex-server` to start the server with the
  interactive shell

### Starting App

* Start the database (if not started): `docker-compose up -d`
* Start web app: `make server` or `make iex-server` to start the server with the
  interactive shell
  * The whole app will need to be compiled the first time you run this, so
    please be patient

### Client SSL Device Authorization

Beamware uses client ssl to authorize and identify connected devices.
Devices communicating with beamware are required to provide a valid
certificate that was signed using the trusted certificate authority
beamware cert. This certificate should be generated and kept secret
and private from the internet connected servers.

For convenience, we use the same included certificates for `dev` and `test`.
Production certificates can be generated by following the ssl certificate
instructions in `test/fixtures/README.md` and setting the following environment
variables to point to the generated key and cert paths on the server.

```
BEAMWARE_SSL_KEY
BEAMWARE_SSL_CERT
BEAMWARE_SSL_CACERT
```

### Tags

Tags are arbitrary strings, such as `"stable"` or `"beta"`. They can be added to
Devices and Firmware.

For a Device to be considered eligible for a given Deployment, it must have
*all* the tags in the Deployment's "tags" condition.

## Connecting to the server form a client

Included in this directory is the `beamware_client` otp app in the `client`
directory. You can use this app to establish connections to the server
for use in dev / test.

See `client/README.md` for more information.
